Welcome back in this lesson we're going to be applying what we learned in the previous lesson where
we saw how we can change our arrays.
So let's start with a very basic three with four items in it.
So we've got cat dog rabbit and a bird so it's not order.
And when we refresh the page we get an output of cat dog rabbit and bird.
And what I want you to do is to open up your Ed. Take this simple array and try to get this output.
So we've got horse FISH FISH FISH FISH FISH FISH FISH.
So there's seven fish in there.
Rabbit dog and sheep.
So this is what the result is that it won't take what you learned in the previous lesson and there probably
are a number of ways to accomplish this.
So try to create the shortest possible path to get your array to look like this.
And so when you console log it and get it to look with these values.
So pause the video.
Open up your editor or open up your browser because you could just as easily places within your browser
and do your modifications of the array content and see if you can get it to look like this.
So we had the opportunity to try this out.
And now I show you the solution.
So first of all what we wanted to do is to make our array a little bit longer.
And we saw that down here at the end our array has force here.
So let's add horse in.
So now when we refresh our array it looks like this.
And we've got all of those undefined.
And in the previous lesson we saw how we can actually take care of all those undefined by using fill.
So let's use Phil
and within Phil we see that we've got fish repeat a whole bunch of times.
So we can set that fill in at this point.
We started at three.
So then I started it after bird
or actually we need to start.
We're not we don't have bird included in there so let's start it at three.
So it's going to be one to three.
So it's going to overwrite it.
So that's the starting point.
And we saw that in the last lesson as well that whatever index you specify it actually overwrites that
one and it goes all the way to 10.
So stopping just before it hits horse.
So let's try this out now and refreshed it.
So now we've got cat dog rabbit bunch of fish and horse and we see that it actually starts in the reverse
order.
So let's actually now let's reverse the order of it.
So this one is reverse.
So it's the method that we're going to use built in method.
And now let's refresh it.
And so now it's starting to look a lot more like what we have over here except cat is sheep and everything
else looks the same.
We've got the seven fish in there.
So there's a number of things that we could do here.
And of course you could do the new holder.
You could specify that last item and you could just replace it with sheep.
But what I wanted to do is I want to just go through some of the methods that we use last time.
So we'll pop basically remove out that cat and add in our new one by using new folder again and this
time we're going to push that value in.
And as I said there's probably several ways that you could do this you could accomplish the same thing.
And this one over here you could have done it a little bit shorter by just specifying that last item
needs changed to sheep.
So you could have done that as well and that would be correct as well.
And at that point you'd get that same output.
So let's refresh it and make sure that we did get that same put within our range and everything looks
correct.
So I can even copy that and paste that in there and we can do a quick eyeball comparison and we see
that in fact they are the same the values are all the same.
And we did accomplish our goal.
So have some fun with it and try it out for yourself and see all the different methods that you can
apply in order to accomplish this and put starting with these four items in the array.
So the next lesson were to look at some more methods that are available for arrays providing even more
power for our arrays.
So that's coming up.